["Located in northeast Ohio, the 838-acre Findley State Park was once a state forest and is heavily wooded with stately pines and various hardwoods. ", "Findley Collagen & Rose Oil is a firming face lift serum. Its brightening and smoothing ingredients help revitalize skin's complexion. Findley Collagen & Rose Oil is a firming face lift serum. Its brightening and smoothing ingredients help revitalize skin's complexion. Apply during the day for best results. 2fl oz Findley Retinol & Peptides Eye serum minimizes the appearance of fine lines and softens crow's feet. Retinol combats...", "Are you looking for innovative solutions to meet the needs of your retirement program and your organization? Learn more about our premier defined\u00a0... Are you looking for innovative solutions to meet the needs of your retirement program and \nyour organization? Learn more about our premier defined contribution, defined benefit consulting and administrative services at www.usicg.com", "Michael Findley, Assistant Professor, Department of Government, University of Texas at Austin. Ph.D. 2007, University of Illinois. Michael Findley, Assistant Professor, Department of Government, University of Texas at Austin. Ph.D. 2007, University of Illinois.", "Senator Findley Senator Lynn P. Findley (R-Vale). Republican - District 30 (Baker, Crook, Grant, Harney, Lake, Malheur and Parts of Deschutes and Jefferson\u00a0... ", "In recognition of Teacher Appreciation Week, we're highlighting how Findley Elementary kindergarten teachers are using a model called \"Kinder Play Workshop\" to\u00a0... Home - Findley Elementary", "The Findley Foundation Milwaukee was founded by concerned individuals who work in the Construction, Finance, & Non-Profit; Political and Public Service\u00a0... The Findley Foundation Milwaukee was founded by concerned individuals who work in the Construction, Finance, & Non-Profit; Political and Public Service Sectors", "Restore your gun rights in Washington State, expunge your record, and more. Call Findley & Rogers for a free consultation on gun rights restoration and\u00a0... Restore your gun rights in Washington State, expunge your record, and more. Call Findley & Rogers for a free consultation on gun rights restoration and more.", "Findley's primary areas of scholarship and expertise are in wrongful convictions, criminal law and procedure, law and forensic science, and appellate advocacy. ", "Based in Anchorage, Dillon & Findley, P.C., is a full-service law firm serving all of Alaska. Call 907-519-0668 to schedule a consultation with our\u00a0... Based in Anchorage, Dillon & Findley, P.C., is a full-service law firm serving all of Alaska. Call 907-519-0668 to schedule a consultation with our award-winning legal team."]