["The American Dental Association is your source for clinical guidelines, oral health research, and industry news and data to support your career in\u00a0... The American Dental Association is your source for clinical guidelines, oral health research, and industry news and data to support your career in dentistry.", "Better dental health starts here. Everything you need to know about keeping your smile healthy and bright at every age. Better dental health starts here. Everything you need to know about keeping your smile healthy and bright at every age.", "The Oral Health Topics section on ADA.org is intended to provide dentists with clinically relevant, evidence-based science behind the issues that may affect\u00a0... Definitions, explanations and information about various oral health terms and dental topics.", "Find an ADA Member Dentist in your area. Enter your street address and ZIP code for a list of ADA member dentists near you. Find an ADA Member Dentist in your area. Enter your street address and ZIP code for a list of ADA member dentists near you.", "The ADA Foundation supports dentists at pivotal times in their personal and professional lives. Learn more about our programs and how to apply for a grant\u00a0... The ADA Foundation supports dentists at pivotal times in their personal and professional lives. Learn more about our programs and how to apply for a grant or an award.", "Application Services \u00b7 ADEA AADSAS: Applicants Prospective applicants to dental school, learn more about the ADEA AADSAS. \u00b7 Dental School Admissions Officers ", "The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) protects people with disabilities from discrimination. ... Disability rights are civil rights. From voting to parking,\u00a0... Disability rights are civil rights. From voting to parking, the ADA is a law that protects people with disabilities in many areas of public life.", "The American Dental Association (ADA) is an American professional association established in 1859 which has more than 161,000 members. Based in the American\u00a0... ", "Results 1 - 12 of 649 ... The ADA Online Catalog has everything for the dental practice including personalized products, patient education, surveys,\u00a0... The ADA Online Catalog has everything for the dental practice including personalized products, patient education, surveys, economic research products, and more.", "The AAE is a global resource for endodontists and dental professionals. Access clinical and education materials to provide the highest levels of patient care. For Patients Your natural teeth are worth saving. If you have tooth pain or need root canal treatment, learn more about endodontists, the dental specialists who treat you comfortably and save your natural teeth. Visit our Patient Site For Professionals The AAE is a global resource for endodontists and dental professionals. Access clinical and education\u2026"]